
Terms of Use
These Terms of Use were last updated on January 11, 2014
The following terms of use (the "Terms of Use") are an agreement between the Alberta Securities Commission (the "ASC", the CSA (defined below) member authorized to grant licenses and enter into agreements with users of this web site (the "Web Site") and you,	and govern your use of the Web Site. Please read these Terms of Use carefully and completely. 

Each time you access and use this Web Site and/or the content, you signify your acceptance and agreement, and the acceptance and agreement of any natural person, incorporated or unincorporated entity you purport to represent, without limitation or qualification, to be bound by these Terms of Use, and you represent and warrant that you have the legal authority to agree to and accept these Terms of Use on your own behalf and on behalf of such natural person, incorporated or unincorporated entity you purport to represent. If you do not agree with these Terms of Use, do not access or use this Web Site or the Content (defined below). These Terms of Use may be changed or modified at any time upon notice to you and your continued use of this Web Site will be subject to the Terms of Use in force at the time of your use. You can always check the most current version of the Terms of Use posted on this Web Site.

CONTENTS
1. Restrictions on Use of this Web Site	6. No Liability and Disclaimers
2. Links	7. Governing Law
3. Intellectual Property	8. Modification to the Web Site
4. Privacy	9. Violations of Terms of Use
5. Filed Information	10.Miscellaneous
 	11.Contact Us

SEDAR® is the System for Electronic Document Analysis and Retrieval ("SEDAR"). The SEDAR system enables public companies and investment funds to electronically file securities related documents and information (collectively "Filed Information") with one or more Canadian securities regulatory authorities (collectively referred to as the "Canadian Securities Administrators" or the "CSA"). SEDAR is operated on behalf and for the benefit of the members of the CSA by the British Columbia Securities Commission, Alberta Securities Commission, Ontario Securities Commission and Autorité des marchés financiers through their third party service provider.

This Web Site contains those parts of the Filed Information and other public information that the CSA has determined to make available on this Web Site (collectively the "Public Content") as well as information and materials owned or licensed by or through the ASC and/or the other members of the CSA or their respective licensors, including online help and compilations (meaning the selection, arrangement and assembly) of the Public Content (collectively the "Proprietary Content"). Access to and use of the Public Content and the Proprietary Content (collectively referred to as the "Content") on this Web Site is subject to your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms of Use. 

1. Restrictions on Use of this Web Site. You acknowledge and agree that you are authorized: (a) to view, download and print the Web Site and the Content and to use the Web Site and the Content for your own personal and non-commercial use only; and (b) to provide limited extracts and/or unaltered copies of the Content retrieved from the Web Site to bona fide clients provided that: (i) you are reasonably satisfied that any such bona fide client will use the Content for its own personal and non-commercial purposes only or you use contractual or other means to ensure that any such bona fide client complies with the restrictions on use of the Content set out in these Terms of Use; and (ii) where Content filed in eXtensible Business Reporting Language ("XBRL") format is provided or forwarded to third parties, including bona fide clients, you inform such recipients that such Content has been filed pursuant to a voluntary filing program established by the CSA, that it is not a substitute for the corresponding version of such Content filed in PDF format, and that it may not include all of the information contained in the corresponding PDF version of such Content; and (iii) you retain any and all copyright and other proprietary notices. A "bona fide" client” is a client who has retained you principally for the purpose of receiving goods or services from you, other than the Content or other similar information, such that providing the Content or other similar information is only incidental to the primary business relationship between you and such client. 

Except as otherwise set out in these Terms of Use, you acknowledge and agree that unless you have received the prior written permission of the ASC: (a) you will not, directly or indirectly, sell, assign, distribute, provide access to, transmit, exploit, copy, modify, publish, republish, reproduce, repackage, retransmit, resell, recompile, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer or otherwise disseminate, the Web Site or the Content, or any derivative works from the Content, or any portion thereof, in any medium or in any manner whatsoever; and (b) you will not use the Web Site or the Content to construct a database of any kind, nor store the Web Site or the Content (in whole or in part) in databases for access by you or any third party, nor distribute any database services containing all or part of the Web Site or the Content.

In addition to complying with these Terms of Use, you shall use the Web Site, links to other web sites from this Web Site (the "Linked Sites") for lawful purposes only and you shall use and/or disclose the Content in accordance with all applicable laws, including, without limitation, Canadian privacy laws. You may not use: (a) the Web Site or Linked Sites in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Web Site or interfere with any other person's use of the Web Site; or (b) any robot, spider or other automatic device, software program or manual process to monitor, copy or interfere with any web pages or the content contained thereon on the Web Site or Linked Sites; or (c) any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Web Site; or (d) the Web Site to execute denial of service attacks. You agree that you will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the Web Site infrastructure. You agree that you will not perform automated searches against the Web Site where, in the ASC's reasonable opinion, such searches unduly burden the Web Site (including, but not limited to automated "bots" or "link checkers") and you will not access, reload or refresh search pages, or make any other request to transactional servers or search engines relating to the Web Site, more than once during any thirty second interval. 

Under no circumstances will you use the Web Site or the Content, or any derivative works from the Content, or any portion thereof, in any manner that may infringe any proprietary or intellectual property rights or interests that the ASC and/or the other members of the CSA or any third party may have in the Web Site or the Content, or any derivative works from the Content, or any portion thereof. 

You may neither remove any copyright, trade-mark or other proprietary notices from any copy nor modify the Content. Unless specifically granted, nothing herein shall be construed as conferring any right under any copyright of the ASC and/or the other members of the CSA or any third party who owns copyright in Content provided on the Web Site. 

The ASC reserves the right to take such steps as it deems necessary, including without limitation legal action, to restrain unauthorized activity.

2. Links. If the Web Site contains Linked Sites, unless specifically noted, the Linked Sites, and/or the content, goods or services sold or made available on the Linked Sites are not under the control of the ASC and accordingly the ASC does not make any representations or warranties nor assume any responsibility for the same. The Linked Sites are provided to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply that the ASC guarantees, recommends, approves, warrants or endorses the site, or any content, goods or services sold or made available on or through the site, or any association with its operations. Use of any Linked Sites is entirely at your own risk. Nothing in these Terms of Use grants you any rights or authorization with respect to any Linked Sites. 

Except as otherwise set out in these Terms of Use or unless you have a written agreement in effect with the ASC which states otherwise, you may only provide a hypertext link to this Web Site on another web site, provided that (a) the link is a text-only link clearly marked "SEDAR Home Page"; (b) the user must be linked directly to the URL http://www.sedar.com and not to any other pages within this Web Site; (c) the appearance, position and other aspects of the link may not be such as to damage or dilute the goodwill of the ASC and/or the other members of the CSA or their respective trade-marks; (d) the appearance, position and other aspects of the link may not create the false appearance that an entity is associated with or sponsored by the ASC or the other members of the CSA; and (e) the link, when activated by a user must display the SEDAR Web Site full screen and not within a "frame" on the linked web site. Notwithstanding the foregoing, issuers of securities may provide a hypertext link directly to their own Filed Information (i.e., filed in the SEDAR system by or on behalf of that issuer, who is a company, investment fund or other party legally required or permitted to make such filing in the SEDAR system) and that is posted on the Web Site. The ASC reserves the right to revoke its consent to any such links at any time in its sole discretion.

3. Intellectual Property. The SEDAR trade-mark, www.sedar.com domain name, and related words and logos are trade-marks and/or trade names of the ASC (collectively the "ASC Trade-marks"). Nothing in these Terms of Use or on the Web Site shall be construed as granting, either expressly, by implication or otherwise, a license or other right to you to use the ASC Trade-marks. The names of other companies, products or services referred to on the Web Site may be trade-marks or trade names of their respective owners. You acknowledge and agree that you acquire absolutely no rights or licenses in or to the Web Site or the Content other than the limited right to use the Web Site and the Content in accordance with these Terms of Use. Any unauthorized use of the ASC Trade-marks or third party trade-marks or trade names, or copyright or any other intellectual property right or proprietary right of the ASC and/or the other members of the CSA is strictly prohibited. Users shall not remove any marks, notices or legends pertaining to the origin, identity or ownership of any document, trade-mark or copyright.

With the exception of the Public Content, all right, title and interest in the Web Site, SEDAR, all software used on the Web Site and all materials provided on the Web Site including, without limitation, all compilations of Content, associated market data and information and databases, including without limitation, site design, text and graphics, are owned by the ASC and/or the other members of the CSA or their respective licensors and are protected by Canadian and international copyright laws. As a condition of your use of this Web Site, you acknowledge and agree that copyright subsists in the Web Site, including in the selection, arrangement and assembly of the Public Content, and that such copyright is owned by the ASC and/or the other members of the CSA or their respective licensors.

Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. 

4. Privacy. National Instrument 13-101 and Companion Policy 13-101CP, as amended from time to time, set out rules and policies of the CSA for electronic filing of documents and related information and the public availability of information in SEDAR. The personal or other information of individuals contained in SEDAR and the Content is governed by privacy laws, including without limitation, the private sector privacy legislation applicable to filers and public sector privacy legislation applicable to the ASC and the other members of the CSA, as the case may be. You will not knowingly use or disclose any personal information contained in the Content for purposes unrelated to the purposes for which the information is made available to the public under Canadian securities laws, including, without limitation, for marketing purposes, unless you have obtained any and all consents as required under applicable Canadian privacy laws. For details about the purposes for which the information is made available to the public under Canadian securities laws, please refer to the Privacy Statement posted from time to time on www.sedar.com. You shall indemnify and hold harmless the ASC and the other members of the CSA from any costs, expenses, award of damages or settlement made in relation to any proceedings, complaints, actions or claims made by third parties or individuals, or in relation to compliance by the ASC or the other members of the CSA with any orders or directions given against or to the ASC or the other members of the CSA by any privacy commissioner, tribunal, person or court, arising from any breach of or non-compliance with applicable privacy laws or the provisions of these Terms of Use by you in connection with your collection, use or disclosure of personal information contained in the Content. The Web Site is subject to the terms of the Privacy Statement, which can be viewed by selecting the link to "PRIVACY STATEMENT" at the bottom of the screen. By using the Web Site, you are deemed to have provided your permission to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information (as set out in the Privacy Statement) for the purposes set out in the Privacy Statement. 

5. Filed Information. All Filed Information has been filed in the SEDAR system by or on behalf of the public company or investment fund filing the information. The reporting issuer (i.e., the public company or investment fund) is responsible for all of the content of its Filed Information and for ensuring that all necessary consents have been obtained in order to disclose personal information contained in the Filed Information. Errors may occur in the filing or dissemination software, or in the transmission process producing inaccurate or incomplete copies of various documents when downloaded and displayed on a user's computer. Documents which are not filed in a format approved for the SEDAR system may not be capable of being properly displayed on this Web Site. Filed Information may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Not all documents and information filed in the SEDAR system are available on this Web Site. For example, certain filings with the CSA may have been made in paper form due to confidentiality or because of a hardship exemption. In addition, some documents may not have been made accessible to the public by the recipient agency, or may have been made accessible to public in error and subsequently retracted. Filed Information in XBRL format has been filed pursuant to a voluntary filing program established by the CSA and is not a substitute for the corresponding version of such Filed Information in PDF format. Filed Information in XBRL format may not include all of the information contained in the corresponding PDF version of such Filed Information; you should refer to the Filed Information in PDF format to view the complete version filed with the recipient agency. Due to the nature of XBRL format documents, it may be necessary to retrieve several separate data files in order to compile a complete document in XBRL format. If the ASC provides notice to you or posts a notice on this Web Site that you cease use of any specific document or information that was at any time contained in Filed Information on this Web Site, you agree to remove, erase and delete such document (and the information contained therein) if you used it or sent to others, as soon as commercially reasonably possible.

The Web Site and Content (including but not limited to Content in XBRL format) are not intended to provide specific legal, accounting, financial or tax advice to any person and should not be relied upon in that regard. The ASC and the other members of the CSA are not responsible for any reliance, detrimental or otherwise, that you may place on the Web Site or the Content.

The SEDAR filings generally are expected to be posted to this Web Site the business day following the business day they became accessible to the public in the SEDAR system.

Official copies of the documents for legal or other purposes are those electronic copies residing on the SEDAR server of the SEDAR system, or for the purposes of Quebec securities legislation, the electronic version of the documents retrieved from the SEDAR system by Autorité des marchés financiers, which official copies are only accessible by SEDAR filing service subscribers. 

6. No Liability and Disclaimers. ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE WEB SITE AND CONTENT ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS", "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS AND YOUR USE OF THE WEB SITE AND THE CONTENT IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, EXCEPT AS STATED IN THESE TERMS OF USE, THE ASC, THE OTHER MEMBERS OF THE CSA AND ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, MEMBERS, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS OR THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS (COLLECTIVELY "THE CSA RELATED PARTIES") DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ASC AND THE CSA RELATED PARTIES MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS ABOUT THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, COMPLETENESS, CURRENCY, QUALITY, TIMELINESS, SEQUENCE OR USEFULNESS OF THE WEB SITE, THE CONTENT OR ANY GOODS, INFORMATION OR SERVICE PROVIDED THROUGH THE WEB SITE. THE ASC AND THE CSA RELATED PARTIES ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR, NOR DO THEY INDEPENDENTLY VERIFY ANY OF THE CONTENT NOR DO THEY ASSUME ANY OBLIGATION TO UPDATE THE CONTENT OR ADVISE ON FURTHER DEVELOPMENTS RELATING TO SEDAR. Content may be changed, removed or updated without notice. You should not assume that SEDAR or the Content on this Web Site will be error-free, timely, accurate, complete or that SEDAR or this Web Site will operate without interruption.

In no circumstances shall the ASC, the CSA Related Parties or other third parties mentioned on the Web Site be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages or damages for lost profits arising out of or in connection with these Terms of Use, the use of or inability to make use of the Web Site, the Content or any service provided through the Web Site, or for any information or reliance on information contained in Content filed in XBRL format or any deviation of such information from information contained in the corresponding version of that Content filed in PDF format, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, negligence or any other legal theory, irrespective of notice. To the extent that some jurisdictions do not allow exclusions or limitations on some categories of damages, these exclusions or limitations may not apply to you.

You are solely responsible for implementing safeguards to protect the security of your data and system when you use the Web Site and the Content. You and, if applicable, any other person using information generated by you from the Content and this Web Site, are solely and fully responsible for any and all consequences, however remote, resulting from your or such other person’s access to and use of the Web Site and the Content. 

It is up to the user of this Web Site to take precautions to ensure that whatever the user selects for its use is free of such items such as viruses, worms, trojan horses and other items of a destructive nature. In no event will the ASC or the CSA Related Parties be responsible or be liable to any user or any other party or for any direct, indirect, special or other consequential damages for any use of this Web Site, or on any other hyper linked web site, including without limitation, any lost profits, business interruption, loss of programs or other data on the user's information handling system or otherwise, even if the ASC is expressly advised of the possibility of such damages. 

7. Governing Law. These Terms of Use shall be governed by, and you submit to, the laws in force in the province of Alberta and the laws of Canada applicable therein.

8. Modification to the Web Site.The ASC reserves the right to modify, add, change, discontinue or suspend the Web Site, the Content or any services made available on or through the Web Site in whole or in part, at any time(s) without prior notice to past, current or prospective users. 

9. Violations of Terms of Use. You acknowledge and agree that in the ASC's sole discretion, and without prior notice, the ASC may suspend, terminate or block access from a particular internet address to the Web Site, your use of or access to this Web Site or exercise any other remedies available at law and in equity, for any reason, including where the ASC believes that your conduct, violates or is inconsistent with these Terms of Use, or violates the rights of the ASC and/or the other members of the CSA or other users of the Web Site or in the event you do not have the required consent of the ASC to use or access the Web Site in a particular manner. Any unauthorized use, reproduction, modification or distribution of the Content or the Web Site is strictly prohibited and will cause the ASC and/or the other members of the CSA serious damages for which money damages may not constitute a sufficient remedy and in such instances the ASC and/or the other members of the CSA may seek and obtain injunctive or other equitable relief, in addition to any other remedies. 

10. Miscellaneous. The provisions of Sections 4 (Privacy) and 6 (No Liability and Disclaimers) shall survive termination of these Terms of Use. No waiver or failure to enforce any of the terms of these Terms of Use shall be deemed or construed as a waiver or continuing waiver of such term or any other term of these Terms of Use. If in any jurisdiction, any of the terms or portions of terms in these Terms of Use are held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such term or portion of a term shall be severed, restricted or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary and will be deemed superseded by a valid enforceable term or portion of a term that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remaining provisions in these Terms of Use shall otherwise remain in full force and effect. An electronically sent agreement or notice shall be as valid as a written agreement. Anything in the Web Site inconsistent with these Terms of Use is superseded by these Terms of Use. It is the express wish of the parties that these Terms of Use and all related documents have been drawn up in English. C'est la volonté expresse des parties que la présente convention ainsi que les documents qui s'y rattachent soient rédigés en anglais. Any cause of action arising out of or related to these Terms of Use must commence within two years after the cause of action arose; otherwise such cause of action is hereby waived and permanently barred. Headings are for convenience only and shall not affect the interpretation of any of these Terms of Use.

11. Contact Us. If you wish to give notice to the ASC pursuant to these Terms of Use, you must send us notice by e-mail using the "E-MAIL US" link at the bottom of the screen or by fax at 1-866-729-8011, in each case addressed to the CSA Service Desk, Attention: SEDAR Filling Service Contractor. If you have any questions or comments about the Web Site, please call the CSA Service Desk at 1-800-219-5381, send us an e-mail at sedar@csa-acvm.ca or send us a fax at 1-866-729-8011. The ASC does not guarantee the confidentiality of any communications made by you via e-mail or otherwise through the Web Site.

Copyright © 1998 - 2014 British Columbia Securities Commission, Alberta Securities Commission, Ontario Securities Commission, Autorité des marchés financiers. All rights reserved.
